org/opensearch/gradle/LazyPropertyMap.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.LazyPropertyMap
 org.opensearch.gradle.LazyPropertyMap$PropertyMapEntry
org/opensearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersThrottle.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersThrottle
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/ValidateRestSpecPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.ValidateRestSpecPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/LazyPropertyList.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.LazyPropertyList
 org.opensearch.gradle.LazyPropertyList$PropertyListEntry
org/opensearch/gradle/docker/DockerBuildTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.docker.DockerBuildTask
 org.opensearch.gradle.docker.DockerBuildTask$DockerBuildAction
 org.opensearch.gradle.docker.DockerBuildTask$Parameters
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/PrecommitTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.PrecommitTask
org/opensearch/gradle/test/Fixture.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.Fixture
org/opensearch/gradle/test/InternalClusterTestPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.InternalClusterTestPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/LoggedExec.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.LoggedExec
 org.opensearch.gradle.LoggedExec$1
org/opensearch/gradle/LoggingOutputStream.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.LoggingOutputStream
org/opensearch/gradle/internal/InternalDistributionArchiveSetupPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionArchiveSetupPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/FilePermissionsTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.FilePermissionsTask
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/ValidateJsonAgainstSchemaTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.ValidateJsonAgainstSchemaTask
org/opensearch/gradle/JdkDownloadPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.JdkDownloadPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/DockerBase.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.DockerBase
org/opensearch/gradle/docker/DockerSupportService.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.docker.DockerSupportService
 org.opensearch.gradle.docker.DockerSupportService$DockerAvailability
 org.opensearch.gradle.docker.DockerSupportService$Parameters
 org.opensearch.gradle.docker.DockerSupportService$Result
org/opensearch/gradle/plugin/PluginPropertiesExtension.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.plugin.PluginPropertiesExtension
org/opensearch/gradle/VersionProperties.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.VersionProperties
org/opensearch/gradle/FileSystemOperationsAware.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.FileSystemOperationsAware
org/opensearch/gradle/test/rest/RestResourcesExtension.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.rest.RestResourcesExtension
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.rest.RestResourcesExtension$RestResourcesSpec
org/opensearch/gradle/testclusters/DefaultTestClustersTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.DefaultTestClustersTask
org/opensearch/gradle/Jdk.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.Jdk
 org.opensearch.gradle.Jdk$1
 org.opensearch.gradle.Jdk$2
org/opensearch/gradle/DistributionResolution.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.DistributionResolution
 org.opensearch.gradle.DistributionResolution$Resolver
org/opensearch/gradle/Version.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.Version
 org.opensearch.gradle.Version$Mode
org/opensearch/gradle/tar/SymoblicLinkPreservingTarPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.tar.SymoblicLinkPreservingTarPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/Architecture.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.Architecture
org/opensearch/gradle/internal/InternalDistributionDownloadPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionDownloadPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionDownloadPlugin$1
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionDownloadPlugin$ProjectBasedDistributionDependency
org/opensearch/gradle/OpenSearchJavaPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.OpenSearchJavaPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.OpenSearchJavaPlugin$1
 org.opensearch.gradle.OpenSearchJavaPlugin$1$1
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/ForbiddenPatternsPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.ForbiddenPatternsPrecommitPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/testfixtures/TestFixturesPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testfixtures.TestFixturesPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.testfixtures.TestFixturesPlugin$1
org/opensearch/gradle/DistributionDependency.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.DistributionDependency
 org.opensearch.gradle.DistributionDependency$StringBasedDistributionDependency
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/JarHellPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.JarHellPrecommitPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/vagrant/VagrantShellTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantShellTask
org/opensearch/gradle/ReaperPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.ReaperPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClusterConfiguration.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClusterConfiguration
org/opensearch/gradle/test/JNAKernel32Library.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.JNAKernel32Library
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.JNAKernel32Library$Holder
org/opensearch/gradle/util/GradleUtils.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.util.GradleUtils
 org.opensearch.gradle.util.GradleUtils$1
org/opensearch/gradle/AbstractLazyPropertyCollection.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.AbstractLazyPropertyCollection
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/PrecommitPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.PrecommitPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/docker/DockerSupportPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.docker.DockerSupportPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/RepositoriesSetupPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.RepositoriesSetupPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/TestingConventionRule.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.TestingConventionRule
org/opensearch/gradle/BwcVersions.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.BwcVersions
 org.opensearch.gradle.BwcVersions$UnreleasedVersionInfo
org/opensearch/gradle/ReaperService.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.ReaperService
org/opensearch/gradle/test/rest/RestTestUtil.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.rest.RestTestUtil
org/opensearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersException.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersException
org/opensearch/gradle/util/FileUtils.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.util.FileUtils
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/TestingConventionsPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.TestingConventionsPrecommitPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/testclusters/OpenSearchCluster.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.OpenSearchCluster
org/opensearch/gradle/DistributionDownloadPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.DistributionDownloadPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.DistributionDownloadPlugin$1
org/opensearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersAware.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersAware
org/opensearch/gradle/vagrant/VagrantMachine.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantMachine
 org.opensearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantMachine$ProgressOutputStream
 org.opensearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantMachine$VagrantExecSpec
org/opensearch/gradle/SimpleCommandLineArgumentProvider.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.SimpleCommandLineArgumentProvider
org/opensearch/gradle/internal/DistributionArchiveCheckExtension.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.DistributionArchiveCheckExtension
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/PomValidationTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.PomValidationTask
org/opensearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersRegistry.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersRegistry
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/ThirdPartyAuditTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.ThirdPartyAuditTask
org/opensearch/gradle/test/rest/YamlRestTestPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.rest.YamlRestTestPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/test/rest/CopyRestTestsTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.rest.CopyRestTestsTask
org/opensearch/gradle/SystemPropertyCommandLineArgumentProvider.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.SystemPropertyCommandLineArgumentProvider
org/opensearch/gradle/util/PermissionUtils.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.util.PermissionUtils
org/opensearch/gradle/OpenSearchTestBasePlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.OpenSearchTestBasePlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.OpenSearchTestBasePlugin$1
 org.opensearch.gradle.OpenSearchTestBasePlugin$2
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/TestingConventionsTasks.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.TestingConventionsTasks
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.TestingConventionsTasks$1
org/opensearch/gradle/util/JavaUtil.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.util.JavaUtil
org/opensearch/gradle/PublishPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.PublishPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.PublishPlugin$1
org/opensearch/gradle/info/BuildParams.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.info.BuildParams
 org.opensearch.gradle.info.BuildParams$MutableBuildParams
org/opensearch/gradle/OpenSearchDistribution.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.OpenSearchDistribution
 org.opensearch.gradle.OpenSearchDistribution$1
 org.opensearch.gradle.OpenSearchDistribution$Platform
 org.opensearch.gradle.OpenSearchDistribution$Type
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/LicenseAnalyzer.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.LicenseAnalyzer
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.LicenseAnalyzer$LicenseInfo
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.LicenseAnalyzer$LicenseMatcher
org/opensearch/gradle/testfixtures/DockerComposeThrottle.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testfixtures.DockerComposeThrottle
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/PomValidationPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.PomValidationPrecommitPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/transform/UnpackTransform.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.transform.UnpackTransform
 org.opensearch.gradle.transform.UnpackTransform$Parameters
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/LoggerUsageTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.LoggerUsageTask
org/opensearch/gradle/testclusters/TestDistribution.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.TestDistribution
org/opensearch/gradle/internal/InternalBwcGitPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.InternalBwcGitPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/internal/BwcGitExtension.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.BwcGitExtension
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/ThirdPartyAuditPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.ThirdPartyAuditPrecommitPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/vagrant/VagrantBasePlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantBasePlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantBasePlugin$VagrantManagerPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantBasePlugin$VagrantSetupCheckerPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/test/rest/RestResourcesPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.rest.RestResourcesPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.rest.RestResourcesPlugin$1
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.rest.RestResourcesPlugin$2
org/opensearch/gradle/ConcatFilesTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.ConcatFilesTask
org/opensearch/gradle/test/RestTestBasePlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.RestTestBasePlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/vagrant/VagrantExtension.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantExtension
org/opensearch/gradle/util/Util.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.util.Util
 org.opensearch.gradle.util.Util$1
org/opensearch/gradle/ExportOpenSearchBuildResourcesTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.ExportOpenSearchBuildResourcesTask
org/opensearch/gradle/test/rest/JavaRestTestPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.rest.JavaRestTestPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/internal/BwcSetupExtension.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.BwcSetupExtension
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.BwcSetupExtension$IndentingOutputStream
org/opensearch/gradle/LazyFileOutputStream.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.LazyFileOutputStream
 org.opensearch.gradle.LazyFileOutputStream$1
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/LoggerUsagePrecommitPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.LoggerUsagePrecommitPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/PrecommitTaskPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.PrecommitTaskPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/testfixtures/TestFixtureExtension.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testfixtures.TestFixtureExtension
org/opensearch/gradle/EmptyDirTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.EmptyDirTask
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/DependencyLicensesPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.DependencyLicensesPrecommitPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/ValidateJsonNoKeywordsTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.ValidateJsonNoKeywordsTask
org/opensearch/gradle/internal/InternalDistributionArchiveCheckPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionArchiveCheckPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionArchiveCheckPlugin$1
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionArchiveCheckPlugin$2
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionArchiveCheckPlugin$3
org/opensearch/gradle/PropertyNormalization.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.PropertyNormalization
org/opensearch/gradle/test/DistroTestPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.DistroTestPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.DistroTestPlugin$1
org/opensearch/gradle/test/ErrorReportingTestListener.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.ErrorReportingTestListener
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.ErrorReportingTestListener$1
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.ErrorReportingTestListener$Descriptor
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.ErrorReportingTestListener$EventWriter
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/UpdateShasTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.UpdateShasTask
org/opensearch/gradle/test/RestIntegTestTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.RestIntegTestTask
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/DependencyLicensesTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.DependencyLicensesTask
org/opensearch/gradle/testclusters/StandaloneRestIntegTestTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.StandaloneRestIntegTestTask
org/opensearch/gradle/transform/UnzipTransform.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.transform.UnzipTransform
org/opensearch/gradle/OS.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.OS
 org.opensearch.gradle.OS$Conditional
org/opensearch/gradle/FileSupplier.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.FileSupplier
org/opensearch/gradle/info/JavaHome.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.info.JavaHome
org/opensearch/gradle/dependencies/CompileOnlyResolvePlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.dependencies.CompileOnlyResolvePlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/FilePermissionsPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.FilePermissionsPrecommitPlugin
org/opensearch/gradle/tar/SymbolicLinkPreservingTar.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.tar.SymbolicLinkPreservingTar
 org.opensearch.gradle.tar.SymbolicLinkPreservingTar$1
 org.opensearch.gradle.tar.SymbolicLinkPreservingTar$SymbolicLinkPreservingTarCopyAction
 org.opensearch.gradle.tar.SymbolicLinkPreservingTar$SymbolicLinkPreservingTarCopyAction$SymbolicLinkPreservingTarStreamAction
org/opensearch/gradle/info/GlobalBuildInfoPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.info.GlobalBuildInfoPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.info.GlobalBuildInfoPlugin$GitInfo
org/opensearch/gradle/testclusters/TestClustersPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersPlugin$TestClustersHookPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersPlugin$TestClustersHookPlugin$1
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.TestClustersPlugin$TestClustersHookPlugin$2
org/opensearch/gradle/test/GradleDistroTestTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.GradleDistroTestTask
org/opensearch/gradle/testclusters/RunTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.RunTask
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/ForbiddenApisPrecommitPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.ForbiddenApisPrecommitPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.ForbiddenApisPrecommitPlugin$1
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.ForbiddenApisPrecommitPlugin$2
org/opensearch/gradle/transform/SymbolicLinkPreservingUntarTransform.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.transform.SymbolicLinkPreservingUntarTransform
org/opensearch/gradle/internal/InternalDistributionBwcSetupPlugin.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionBwcSetupPlugin
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.InternalDistributionBwcSetupPlugin$DistributionProject
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/ForbiddenPatternsTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.ForbiddenPatternsTask
org/opensearch/gradle/http/WaitForHttpResource.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.http.WaitForHttpResource
org/opensearch/gradle/vagrant/VagrantProgressLogger.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.vagrant.VagrantProgressLogger
org/opensearch/gradle/testclusters/OpenSearchNode.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.OpenSearchNode
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.OpenSearchNode$1
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.OpenSearchNode$CliEntry
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.OpenSearchNode$Config
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.OpenSearchNode$FileEntry
 org.opensearch.gradle.testclusters.OpenSearchNode$LinkCreationException
org/opensearch/gradle/precommit/JarHellTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.precommit.JarHellTask
org/opensearch/gradle/internal/DistributionArchive.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.internal.DistributionArchive
org/opensearch/gradle/test/rest/CopyRestApiTask.java
 org.opensearch.gradle.test.rest.CopyRestApiTask
